Simple Blink/README.md, before:

# Simple Blink
For starters, you will need to blink one of the on-board LED's at a particular rate. It is up to you to determine what rate you want to blink it at, however it has to be symmetrical (50% Duty Cycle), meaning equal times on and off. You should attempt multiple different speeds before moving on to the next part of the lab.

## YOU NEED TO CREATE THE FOLLOWING FOLDERS
* MSP430G2553
* MSP(FILL IN WHAT BOARD YOU ARE USING)

## How to not damage your processor
Remember that your microprocessors are not hooked up to a nuclear power plant and they can only provide a finite amount of current and power to your attached devices. For each of your processors you should see what the maximum supply current is for the digital output pins and note it in your designs. Diodes are an interesting device where the V-I curve becomes almost a short circuit after only a couple volts. If you have a diode biased to operate at say 1 volt above its turn on voltage, you are going to be drawing quite a bit of amperage.

Before you actually begin this lab, take the time to mess around with the simulation below and understand what the importance of the series resistance is in the design. What does the resistance prevent from happening? Does having this resistance impact the performance of the LED?

<a href="http://everycircuit.com/circuit/5180823226810368">LED Current - EveryCircuit</a><br>
<iframe width="560" height="360" src="http://everycircuit.com/embed/5180823226810368" frameborder="0"></iframe>

## README
Remember to replace this README with your README once you are ready to submit. I would recommend either making a copy of this file or taking a screen shot. There might be a copy of all of these README's in a folder on the top level depending on the exercise.

## Extra Work
Since this is so basic, there are a few things which might be interesting to implement.

### UART Control: Single Character
For starters, it would be interesting to tie in some of the UART code that was used before into this project. You might want to have the speed of the blinking controlled by a character sent over UART. For example, 's' could be a slow setting, 'm' could be medium speed, 'f' could be fast, and 'o' could be off.

### UART Control: Rate Number
Instead of depending on a character, what if we wanted to send a blinking period in milliseconds? So instead of 's', you could send something like '100' which corresponds to a 100 millisecond delay between the time the LED turns on again. Before you decide to tackle this, I would take a look at using a logic analyzer to see exactly what your computer is sending to your microprocessor. Also remember that the code previously provided will only service the UART Buffer one character at a time.

Commit message:

Update Simple Blink READ ME

Simple Blink/README.md, after:

# Simple Blink
The objective for this portion of the exercise was to blink an LED at a constant rate on two of the development boards. The two boards used for the simple blink were the G2553 and the F5529.

# MSP430G2553
In order to blink an LED on the G2553, the correct port and pins had to be first selected and set to the proper direction (input/output). This was done using the P1DIR macro, which sets the direction of the pin to either input or output. In this case we wanted an output, which is accomplished by setting the specific bit to 1. This was accomplished by doing P1DIR OR BIT0, as P1.0 controls the green LED. After setting the proper direction, an infinite while loop was used to blink the LED indefinitely. P1.0 was toggled using an exclusive-OR operation with BIT0. The final step was delaying this process so that the blinking LED would be visible, otherwise it would just appear to be on at all time. This was done by incrementing the integer k and resetting it once it reached the desired value, which was 60000.

# MSP430F5529
To blink an LED on the F5529, a similiar approach was taken. Since the LED was controlled by the same port and pin, the same code could be used to blink the LED.
